Suggested changes to ref arch nav and description (#17083)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/reference-architecture/implementation-guides/index.mdx

---
title: Implementation Guides
pcx_content_type: navigation
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

import { Description, DirectoryListing, Render } from "~/components";

> Implementation guides walk you through [step-by-step instructions](/reference-architecture/implementation-guides/) and practical guidance for how to effectively deploy and configure specific solutions or services and are typically focused on a specific implementation goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementation guides provide [step-by-step instructions](/reference-architecture/implementation-guides/) and practical guidance for how to effectively deploy and configure specific solutions or services. Implementation guides are focused on a specific implementation goal. 
```
